on principle I can't negotiate with
these people well then you know what
needs to be done we're going to protect
our citizens make no mistake my brothers
the humans will draw first blood
and the air is still the night has
fallen
does anyone question he was answer
who would you stand the major
pharmaceutical company has developed a
way to suppress the mutant x-gene
permanently
they're calling it a cure there's
nothing to cure nothing's wrong with any
of us for that matter you of all people
know how fast the weather can change did
you find what you were looking for
source of the cure is a mutant more
powerful than you jeez something woke
her but she has to be control you know
sometimes when you catch the Beast I
can't do this the Beast gets angry you
have no idea what is upon us now puree
that this world has never witnessed
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe there's gonna know I mean out
there you got a war you might not come
home she might not come home you ready
for that we're not kids anymore hey I'm
not your father if you want to go and be
sure to what you want it's time we make
our choice if you're with us then be
with us
they wish to cure us and I say we are
the cure
nakamichi we can help you we can fix it
we can make the light of us stay with me
[Music]